# v0.3.3

- Fixed SkinnedMeshReplacement removing all base materials.
- Allowed materials to be replaced with null to hide.
- Edited 1 character in the SmartAgentNavigator class that should fix a lot of pathing issues, this was so stupid.
- Added `GameObjectEditor` for doing stuff like moving, rotating, deleting and/or disabling gameobjects.
- Fixed an issue with Artifice and Embrion where because they're hidden you would get rejected from landing on them by default.

## v0.3.2

- Added MaterialPropertiesReplacement to EntityReplacements.
- Added ScanNodeReplacement to EntityReplacements.
- Gave devs support to NetworkVariable<bool> and NetworkVariable<float>.
- Added tag: `#dawn_lib:has_buying_percent` to make your moon have the buying percentage similar to company.
- Fixed some lag issues in the Editor.dll.
- Fixed replacing blank SO's of all the ones that LLL replaced (and more) in DawnLib content.
- Changed MapObjects to use NamespacedKeys.
- Inside MapObjects spawn more performantly now too.
- Fixed a small issue with hotloading where loading too early into a moon unlocks the lever too early.

## v0.3.1

- Switched from using quaternion on entity replacements, I realised that if even I don't get how they work, I can't expect anyone else to also understand that.

## v0.3.0

- **Update to v73. This version and versions after are not compatible with v72 or lower! (revert to v0.2.16 for v72)**
- Added support for `Moons` and `Dungeons`. Please note that this is very experimental at the moment (compatibility for LLL is also unknown)
  - Moons have multi-scene support.
  - Moons also have custom landing animation support.

- Changes to entity replacement, idk what.
- Added date for a `DuskPredicate`
- Added ItemKeys for the new scrap introduced in v73.
- New `#lethal_company:body_parts` tag.
- New `TerminalPredicateCollection` and `PredicateCollection` to allow using multiple predicates on shop items.
- `DuskAdditionalTilesDefinition` can now use a `DuskPredicate` to determine when the tiles should be injected

## v0.2.16

- Fixed issue with parent achievements not disappearing if they aren't possible.
- Fixed issue where inside hazards would not spawn.
- Fixed issue with being unable to move furniture properly with furniture lock mod.
- Fixed issue where SID started including items that they shouldn't because those items had 0 weights on the moon.

## v0.2.15

- Fixed issues with some specific scrap mods that caused a lot of scraps and other parts of the mod to break.
- Added some more error safety with using incorrect config formats.
- Made some weather fields internal rather than public.

## v0.2.13

- Added more debugging for ship unlockables not being registered properly via other mods.

## v0.2.12

- Fixed weathers being unregistered on lobby reload.

## v0.2.11

- Added a date filter predicate to the entity replacement definitions.
- Serialized some fields from UnlockProgressiveObject that should've been serialized.

## v0.2.10

- Changed some bestiary node behaviour to do with enemies.
- Fixed issues with Ship Upgrades and Decors not being assigned the correct ID's.
- Edited the spacing in the ContentDefinitions for enemies items and entity replacements to give the user more space to write configs.
- Fixed DawnLib Scrap not saving after a game restart.

## v0.2.9

- Fixed issues with ship upgrades and decors not respawning or not working with furniturelock mod.

## v0.2.8

- Fixed more achievement issues for when they're disabled.

## v0.2.7

- Fixed an issue with multiple mods adding achievements

## v0.2.6

- Added more config error checking to the Definitions as this mod uses a different format compared to other mods.
- Added the tag `custom` to the mod as `lethal_company:custom` or just `custom` should work.
- Entity, Enemy and Item content definitions have defaults weights of 0 on every vanilla moon, multipliers of 1 on every vanilla weather and default weight of 0 on every vanilla interior.
- Fixed `SpawnWeightsPreset` entirely not working causing nothing to have any weights.
- Fixed Weight Updater depending on weather never running thus nothing causing everything to not have any weights.

## v0.2.5

- Edited Editor.dll to be depending on the latest DawnLib version.
- Fixed spawn weight issues with items, enemies and entity replacements where the config gets replaced with an empty config.

## v0.2.4

- Fixed an issue relating to buying custom vehicles.
- Fixed some issues with some moons not setting up their dungeon generator correctly.
- Fixed some issues with some enemy creators COUGH ALICE COUGH not setting up the enemy on the right timing.

## v0.2.3

- Fixed issues with editor configs not being generated by the content definitions.
- Exposed some normal game refs
- Updated readme a bit.
- Added LunarConfig tag to DawnLib incase Crafty wants to add that tag to everything and then change the DawnInfo so it makes things easier to edit.
- Added `InDropShipAnimation` to VehicleAPI for vehicle currently in drop ship animation.

## v0.2.2

- Fixed some issues with the Entity Replacements bricking the game, again bwaa.
- Butler bees should now be accessible in the enemy registry.

## v0.2.1

- Fixed some issues with the Entity Replacements bricking the game, yw.

## v0.2.0

- Implemented near-complete-prototype of EntityReplacementDefinition
  - Contains EnemyReplacementDefinition and ItemReplacementDefinition currently, but potentially more to come.
  - Usable with custom enemies and items too, but requires the editor for the script to be auto generated, check the wiki or ask in the discord thread for DawnLib for more info.
- Improved Editor tools a bit more in terms of NamespacedKey formatting and other areas like the package building picking up assetbundles.
- Removed any configs or reference to `DuskContentDefinition`s from `ContentContainer`, moved all configs to the `DuskContentDefinition` itself and added a button to just migrate old configs to new places.
- Fix parent achievements not registering other achievements as complete properly.
- Got rid of WR dependency on the editor, so now you just need DawnLib, the DawnLib editor tool and PathfindingLib.
- Fixed issues with UnlockableItems (i.e. ship upgrades) not showing up in the terminal.
- Fixed .AddWeight not working properly.
- Removed validation from the Editor.dll temporarily to move it into the `DuskContentDefinition`s themselves later.
- Did a bit more work on vehicle registration with terminal pricing strategies and terminal predicates.

## v0.1.9

- Fixed an issue with some enemies like from pikmin not registering.

## v0.1.8

- Added `On First Scan` event to `ExtraScanEvents`.
- Fixed issues with other mods adding duplicate items into the list of all items.
- Fixed more compatibilities with other mods.
- Made sure to fix issues with achievement popup not working properly.

## v0.1.7

- Attempt at fixing some more file locking issues or whatever.
- Fixed a bunch of the definitions being broken in editor.

## v0.1.6

- Improved error handling with corrupted save data and tagging.
- Fixed an issue with applying item spawn group tags.
- Added `ExtraScanEvents` with an `On Scan` event (requires `Scan Node Properties`)
- Refined VehicleBase + VehicleStation code to be compatible with dropship attaching etc.

## v0.1.5

- Fixed issues with LLL shop items not being proper keyword names by LLL.
- Fixed achievement UI sound not playing and breaking the achievements.
- Fixed an issue where mods like MoreShipUpgrades allow LethalLib shop items to be disabled incorrectly.

## v0.1.4

- Fixed issues with checking unlockables and unlockables not registering.
- Fixed issues with trying to use the Achievement Predicate.
- Fixed Editor.dll issues with accessing achievements for AchievementTriggers script.
- Fixed issues with DailyPricingStrategy accessing TimeOfDay too early.
- Fixed issues with achievements causing a share violation error on loading multiple achievements simultaneously sometimes.

## v0.1.2

- Disabled achievements button if there are no achievements.

## v0.1.1

- Fixed some editor dll stuff and separated compatiblity with soundapi into another dll.

## v0.1.0

Hello World!

## DawnLib

- Added registering content through `DawnLib`
- Added `WeightTable` and `CurveTable` so that weights can be updated dynamically in-game.
- Added `ITerminalPurchasePredicate` to allow some items to not be bought based on conditions.
  - `TerminalPurchaseResult.Success()`: Acts like normal
  - `TerminalPurchaseResult.Failed()`: Player is unable to purchase the item and a different terminal node is displayed. Also allows overriding the name in this state with `.SetOverrideName(string)`
  - `TerminalPurchaseResult.Hidden()`: Does not show up in `store`, and player is also unable to purchase the item.
- `ITerminalPurchase` interface for (currently only some) possible terminal purchases:
  - `ITerminalPurchasePredicate Predicate`: see above, set with `builder.SetPredicate(predicate)`
  - `IProvider<int> Cost`: allows cost to be easily updated, set with `builder.SetCost(int)` or `builder.SetCost(provider)`
- Removed `VanillaEnemies` and added `LethalContent`
- Added `tags`
- Allow registering new tilesets to dungeons
- Added `PersistentDataContainer`

## DuskMod

**MIGRATING FROM CODEREBIRTHLIB:**

You will need to remake your `Content Container`, `Mod Information` and content definitions.
The general flow has not changed overall.

- Reworked `Content Container`:
  - `Entity Name` (from content definitions) and `Entity Name Reference` have been removed. Instead, content can just be referenced.
  - `Asset Bundle Name` is now a dropdown.
  - Button to dump all `NamespacedKey`s to a `.json` file to be used with the `TeamXiaolan.DawnLib.SourceGen` package.
- Added 4 types of `Achievements`: `Discovery`, `Instant`, `Stat`, `Parent`
- Content definitions can now apply `tags`
- Added `DuskModContent` for the `Achievement` registry.
- Moved `.RegisterMod()` from `CRLib` to `DuskMod`
- Added `DuskAdditionalTilesDefinition`
- Added 2 `DuskTerminalPredicate`s:
  - `ProgressivePredicate`: Allows for a shop item to be unlocked through progression
  - `AchievementPredicate`: Requires that the player purchasing the item has an achievement
- Added 1 `DuskPricingStrategy`:
  - **NOTE:** Setting a pricing strategy in a content definition *overrides* the price set in the config.
  - `DailyPricingStrategy`: Price of shop item changes as the quota progresses.

## Utilities / Misc

- Added `NetworkAudioSource`, `AssetBundleUtils`
- Removed `ExtendedLogging` and split it into `DebugLogSources` (yes this uses SoundAPI code)
